flip is really struggling to follow her
she travels vast distances in a home
range that's a hundred times bigger than
those in the Serengeti she arrived here
from the Canyon refuge ten years ago as
one of the first pioneers she's produced
two litters of Cubs and is currently
traveling with her eldest daughter flip
has a soft spot for this lioness but she
didn't endear herself to the people of
poorest as a youngster she killed
several cows and the villagers demanded
flip relocate her most had never even
seen alarm so he decided to take her to
the village where there was uproar they
helped this lion now in front of them
these lions are causing him lots of
trouble they must kill it and I looked
at this situation and I just gambled
took a huge risk and I stood back and I
said go
because I thought if I if I interfere
now and really sort of try and dominate
the situation it's gonna count against
me and the Lions in the long run and he
pulled out his knife and and I stood
recognized and I just knew I'd went cold
I didn't know what was gonna happen but
your lion
some were fascinated by her and didn't
agree after a fierce argument the
villagers said she could live on one
condition as long as I monitor it and
and give them the information then
they're happy with it so with a huge
sigh of relief I got in the car and I
noted out of there
flipz gamble paid off but the lioness is
hard to keep tabs on this year he's got
the chance to put a better tracking
device on
the darting anesthetic fails to work
properly and flip has to go out on a
limb to give her a booster
unlike a simple radio device this GPS
collar will record and store her
position every two hours for the next
nine months
you